throughout Atlanta if there's a flat
surface to be found there you can find
members of flatland
a flatland BMX group honing their skills
felons is a BMX discipline that involves
doing bike tricks in the ground flatland
is freedom determination and sacrifice
it's a lifestyle - state of mind that's
that's what flatland is to me anyway I
ride for me I'm gonna look laughing it
defines about it it's different in the
fact that all you need is yourself and a
bike I see flatland is an art because
every individual usually ends up as an
illustrator I think overall every rider
is trying to push their own creativity
to come out with some new different way
to do it because flatland is such a
technical discipline writers often spend
hours each day for years trying to
perfect their writing style God it feels
like an eternity sometimes if you look
back at all the hours spent for a 30
second pay off when you're starting out
you learn single trick so I know a lot
of single tricks but I'm still a
beginner I've only been writing about
two years there's like a basic trick
that trick put them all together
you end up with a lot of different kinds
of tricks
although flatland writing is rising in
popularity writers in Atlanta are
managing to sustain a tight-knit
community while inviting in new writers
in the future I would like to see
flatland sustain more people we severely
ride in a cave basically underneath the
Peachtree Street then we wish we had
more people arriving this there's no way
you can keep going out to the line as
long as the attitude is good and people
want a ride and they're motivated and
they'll try then that's the sport won't
ever die
you